1.Write a blog on Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2

*HTTP1.1
It works on the text based procol.
There is head of line blocking that blocks all the requests behind it until it doesn’t get its all resources.
It uses requests resource Inlining for use getting multiple pages
It compresses data by itself.

*HTTP2
It works on the binary protocol.
It allows multiplexing so one TCP connection is required for multiple requests.
It uses PUSH frame by server that collects all multiple pages
It uses HPACK for data compression.


2.Write a blog about objects and its internal representation in Javascript

*JAVA SCRIPT OBJECT
Objects are a fundamental aspect of JavaScript
JavaScript objects are containers for named values called properties
They can hold various data types, including strings, numbers, arrays, and even other objects
Object properties can be accessed and modified using dot notation or bracket notation
Objects are a fundamental aspect of JavaScript and are used extensively in web development.

*ITS INTERNAL REPRESENTATION
In JavaScript, every object has an internal representation that consists of:
[[Prototype]]: A reference to another object that the current object inherits properties from.
[[Class]]: A string that indicates the type of object, such as "Object", "Array", or "Function".
[[Extensible]]: A boolean value that indicates whether new properties can be added to the object.
[[Get]] and [[Set]]: Methods used to access and modify the object's properties, respectively.

3.Read about IP address, port, HTTP methods, MAC address

IP address:
  An Internet Protocol address (IP address) is a numerical label such as 192.0.2.1 that is connected to a
  computer network that uses the Internet Protocol for communication
port:
  A port is a number used to uniquely identify a transaction over a network by specifying both the host and the service. 
  Port numbers range from 0 to 65535
MAC address:
  A media access control address is a unique identifier assigned to a network interface controller for use
  as a network address in communications within a network segment.
  This use is common in most IEEE 802 networking technologies, including Ethernet, Wi-Fi, and Bluetooth
HTTP Methods:
  
GET
The GET method requests a representation of the specified resource. Requests using GET should only retrieve data.

HEAD
The HEAD method asks for a response identical to a GET request, but without the response body.

POST
The POST method submits an entity to the specified resource, often causing a change in state or side effects on the server.

PUT
The PUT method replaces all current representations of the target resource with the request payload.

DELETE
The DELETE method deletes the specified resource.

CONNECT
The CONNECT method establishes a tunnel to the server identified by the target resource.

OPTIONS
The OPTIONS method describes the communication options for the target resource.

TRACE
The TRACE method performs a message loop-back test along the path to the target resource.

PATCH
The PATCH method applies partial modifications to a resource.
  
   
